Remove embedded ldap related content (#3264)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/identity-lifecycles/configure-user-stores-for-scim2-based-inbound-provisioning.md

-   urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:meta.lastModified 
-   urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User:userName

> Unless your userstore is a JDBC userstore, you need to map how these values are stored in your userstore. This mapping can be done using the claim mapping setup in the Identity Server. You can find Active directory specific claim configuration in [Configure Active Directory userstores for Inbound Provisioning]({{base_path}}/guides/identity-lifecycles/configure-active-directory-user-stores-for-scim-2.0-based-inbound-provisioning/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless your user store is a JDBC user store, you need to map how these values are stored in your user store. This mapping can be done using the claim mapping setup in WSO2 Identity Server. You can find Active directory specific claim configurations when you [configure Active Directory user stores for inbound provisioning]({{base_path}}/guides/identity-lifecycles/configure-active-directory-user-stores-for-scim-2.0-based-inbound-provisioning/).
```
